[Music]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I'm
just going to give you the final review
on the green light therapy test that
I've been doing on my rosacea over the
last few months actually for the last
three months
I finished it actually last Sunday today
is Saturday the videos going out
tomorrow so if you're watching this
video on the day that I came out it's
Sunday again so I would have finished it
about a week ago I have been continuing
with the green light up until today
which was why I think my skin's looking
pretty good right now
but yeah so I thought that I would give
you the kind of final review on how
everything went on what I did and just
let you update you on that and sort of
the point of the whole thing just to let
you know from the start I am wearing two
kinds of makeup right now I am wearing
an eye liner in green
I'm not wearing eye shadow I didn't want
any powder to fall out to land on my
cheeks and distort any anything that
you're seeing here as results of the
light therapy and I'm wearing lip gloss
in this pinky color so um not saying I
look great I'm not trying to show off
these products I'm just saying in case
you're wondering what I have on my face
in terms of something that could distort
the way that you're viewing the results
these are what I'm wearing right now I
just didn't want to come on here
completely plain face because I am going
through a serious boat of things
well anxiety right now definitely there
are something going on in my life but
mostly insomnia and so without a little
bit of something to go around my eyes I
look like I just woke up from the dead
to start I'll let you know how I
actually did the light therapy I used
two products from smarter lights this
one is the dual care if you've been
watching my videos for a while you know
that I was actually a part of the
initial testing of the prototype of this
product so I was a part of the kind of
experiment that I was one of the guinea
pigs for this I still use this I use it
nearly every day throughout the entire
experiment testing this green light
experiment I have been trying to get
every
I definitely missed some I didn't miss
that many I probably missed five or six
out of three months and I think only two
of them were consecutive days in the
rest of it was sort of here and there
big light is a red light therapy and
amber light therapy combined into one
bulb but it has little chips little dots
and some of them are red and most of
them are amber because red stronger so
there needs to be enough amber to
actually make sense with the red but
yeah I find that this gives all the
benefits benefits of red with the
soothing power of the amber to help calm
things down and things like that too
because red is really really really
intense if you've watched my videos from
the beginning you'll know that I started
off using red on its own so yeah so I
use this first I'll shut out that light
so you can see I'm not gonna put goggles
on because I'm not gonna shine this
directly in my eyes but uh see this
would be kind of a it's a red and I
don't know how this is picking up on the
camera but it is a red to orange shade
so it's closer to red but it definitely
has an orange II tinge to it looks like
that on my skin you can see that so I
would shine that with goggles on
I have these goggles here if you can see
them through the wonky lights that are
happening with this so I have boats
there and I would put those on and I
would shine that here on my face for two
minutes and then shine it here on my
face for another two minutes so that
definitely doesn't take very long I
think I started off at a minute and a
half but um because I'm not doing the
initial thing of one to three sides I'm
just doing this side in the side I
decided to kind of amp it up to two
minutes just to make sure that I'm not
messing up the results that I have been
building up since I think last October
is in October 2015 so I would rather
hang on to that and continue because I
feel like I'm in kind of a maintenance
program now instead of starting from
scratch so definitely love that it's
called a dual care
and it's from a company in the United
States I'm here in Canada this one's
from the US and really really super nice
company very nice people it's not a huge
company but they do get back to you if
you email them they have great customer
service seriously this is not a
sponsored video by the way if you've
seen I have just been using this for a
long while basically since I started
doing these videos but yeah so I start
off with that one and I do that and I do
that side and then I started using my
green light which is also from the same
company I already have this because I
was using it indirectly as when I was
shining it against the wall in a dark
room to try and use it as a part of a
therapy I was doing because I have
social anxiety disorder and panic
disorder and insomnia so this is
supposed to be able to help you if you
use it properly in that way so I already
had this so I thought well um I've been
reading some things that look like they
that green light could help people with
rosacea so why not actually turn the
darn thing around and aim it at my face
so that's what I did here's what the
color event looks like I don't know if
it's showing up on camera but it looks
basically like a screaming emerald green
so then I would do that on the side of
my face like this except without my hand
here that's just in place with goggles
and then this side of my face like a bit
and I would do that after the dual care
and I did it for two minutes on each
side started off with a minute and a
half but then again I did it for the
same reason I said before right so in
total it took me six minutes at the
beginning it was taking me four and a
half minutes because I was basically I'm
doing it I'm doubling it up so I do the
the red and amber the dual care and then
I would switch sides with that and put
that over here so that I be doing this
one and the green light then on this
side at the same time and then putting
that one away and putting the green
light on this side so that would be two
minutes with the two minutes two minutes
and then two minutes and at the
beginning I've been doing it a minute
and a half a minute it happened
so it went from four and a half minutes
to six minutes I really barely noticed
the difference I just normally listen to
an audio book or something like that
while I'm doing it just have a couple of
few peaceful minutes overall I found it
really easy to keep up I didn't find it
any hearty bit harder to keep up with
the two likes and I did with the one I
tried kind of holding the dual care as
close to my face as it recommends in my
instructions that I received I was told
to keep it from 6 inches to 12 inches
from my face so I tried to keep it
closer to the 6 inch side because I
wanted any I've heard that some people
find that red light kind of makes their
skin kind of not flare up but heat up a
little bit because just from the warmth
of the bulb from being so close and the
intensity of the light it does fade out
over you know a few minutes after using
the therapy but um
I don't really have that reaction with
the dual care I did a little bit with
the red light on its own so I was really
trying to get that going
I don't know how successful I was
because I was testing to see if the
green light would counteract that I
don't know if I was successful or not
because I didn't have a problem with it
so I don't know if the green light was
counteracting it and it was happening or
I just wasn't reacting to the red light
um otherwise I didn't have a problem
with it in terms of results after the
first few weeks I did not see instant
results because I have been using the
dual care for some time and I feel like
I kind of have my rosacea symptoms under
control
and by that I mean I do still get
flare-ups but they're rare they're kind
of few and far between so and when I get
them they're not as bad I can clear them
up pretty quickly
um in fact I can make this the feeling
of them go away like the boring and
stinging and things like that go away
pretty pretty quickly like within inside
of sometimes it's almost instantaneous
sometimes it's inside of a few minutes I
did a video on that um I'll put a link
to it here but so that I don't have to
go on and on about it now I do feel like
I'm in a maintenance place now with it
so what I was trying to do is I do have
permanent redness on my cheeks so even
if I'm not having a flare-up
my face is still red it looks like I'm
blushing
a little bit or like I was out in cold
wind or I was out in the Sun just a
little bit too long so basically the
point - amazing the green light was to
test whether or not it would counter
the red light redness and if I could
help to fade out some of that permanent
redness and I kind of think that I did
I've only been using it for three months
but I feel like I can see a difference
it feels fade look there used to be a
very dramatic line here and here and I
feel like it's not as intense now
there's also kind of a little bit of a
hole on I can see that on both sides so
I'm starting to react from the delights
for the camera but um so you can see
that I'm not wearing makeup because I
have a very intense bulb right here and
it's actually starting to make this side
of the heat from it is threatening up
the side of my face but this side has a
different light so um yeah there are
kind of these white holes that are
forming there like where dimples would
be and then um I feel like where the
line is with the rest of my skin it's
not as dramatic as it used to be and so
I feel that is a sign that it actually
is working I'm going to continue it I
don't feel that it's done I this was
supposed to be kind of a three-month
test of the green light therapy but I
think basically we're I'm still in a
really preliminary phase of it if you
want to try and pretend that this is in
any way scientific so it is it's had a
very mild effect I feel that it's a
visible effect to me looking back over
my videos I feel that I can see a
difference but um I don't feel that it's
done I feel if I keep using it I could
actually go further I don't know that if
I would get my my old skin tone back or
not but definitely worth the you know I
have the light and it's natural and it
doesn't have any negative side effects
that I've experienced so it's super easy
to use
and it takes me only two minutes longer
than it would if I was just using the
other light anyway so um yep I feel that
it's worth continuing if you want me to
report in every now and again or after a
length of time about this if this
actually interests you please tell me in
the comments below and give the video a
thumbs up that way I'll actually know
that you want to hear about this because
I don't want to I don't want to pretend
like I'm selling the thing or something
it's just that this really interests me
because it's making a difference to me
so if it interests you to let me know
and I will keep talking about it on
occasion
if you want me to talk about something
specific about the use of them please go
ahead and ask me in the comments below I
welcome all comments I read all comments
and if you ask me a question I will
definitely answer to the best of my
abilities again this is not a sponsored
video the company behind this for the
products doesn't know that I'm doing
this video or this test or anything like
that they didn't guide me through it or
anything this was all on my own I should
also point out that I am in no way an
expert in skincare I'm not an expert in
dermatology I'm not a doctor I am a I'm
a writer
I'm a person who has rosacea and who has
been trying for many many years to try
and figure out how to get not get rid of
it but how to get the symptoms under
control
I had a reduced the flare-ups how to
cover it things like that so it's just
me experimenting and sharing with you so
that's all that this is I'm not
pretending that I have all the answers
and I'm in no way saying that anything
that I test on my skin would work the
same way on yours but I do hope that it
helps you out um if you didn't like this
video as I said please give it a thumbs
up that way I'll actually know and if
you want to see more videos like this
and the skin care and makeup and all the
other things that I try out for rosacea
and sensitive skin please subscribe to
my channel I do make new videos every
Sunday and Thursdays and Matt I will see
you next time
[Music]